Misc Updates (#33)
tireddy2/pqc_uta: draft-ietf-uta-pqc-app.md

While using an external PSK in combination with (EC)DHE can enhance confidentiality, it has the following limitations:

* Key Management Complexity: External PSKs require a key distribution system that ensures confidentiality of the exchanged secrets.
* Limited Forward Secrecy: If an external PSK is static and reused across sessions, its compromise can retroactively expose
  past communications if the traditional key exchange is broken by a CRQC.
* Scalability Challenges: Distributing unique PSKs for many clients may be challenging. While there are successfully large-scale deployments of PSK-based authentication systems, their management requires good operational security practices.

> * Impersonation Risk: Because PSKs are symmetric, any party in possession of the PSK can authenticate as either the client or the server. This differs from certificate-based authentication, where compromise of a private key only enables impersonation of the corresponding entity. Whether this property introduced security problems is application deployment specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Impersonation Risk: Because PSKs are symmetric, any party in possession of the PSK can authenticate as either the client or the server. This differs from certificate-based authentication, where compromise of a private key only enables impersonation of the corresponding entity. Whether this is a problem depends on the specific deployment.
```

Composite certificates are defined in {{!I-D.ietf-lamps-pq-composite-sigs}}. These combine post-quantum algorithms like ML-DSA with traditional algorithms such as RSA-PKCS#1v1.5, RSA-PSS, ECDSA, Ed25519, or Ed448, to provide additional protection against vulnerabilities or implementation bugs in a single algorithm. {{!I-D.reddy-tls-composite-mldsa}} specifies how composite signatures, including ML-DSA, are used for TLS 1.3 authentication.

## Using Certificates with an External Pre-Shared Key

> As a transitional measure, {{I-D.ietf-tls-8773bis}} allows certificate-based authentication to be combined with a strong external PSK. This provides confidentiality protection against CRQCs, provided that the external PSK is generated and distributed securely. It does not make the certificate-based authentication quantum resistant. Deployments can use this mechanism as a migration path while PQC algorithms are being introduced, at certificate-based authentication quantum resistant.

Reviewer: ietf-tls-8773bis only helps to provide protection against HNDL attack. PSK is not used for mutual authentication. The section can be simplified as follows : 

{{I-D.ietf-tls-8773bis}} allows certificate-based authentication to be combined with a strong external PSK. The PSK contributes to the key schedule, providing confidentiality protection against HNDL attacks by a CRQC, provided that the external PSK is generated and distributed securely. The PSK is not used for authentication, and this mechanism does not make the certificate-based authentication quantum resistant. Once the deployment migrates to a PQC or hybrid KEM, HNDL is addressed by the key exchange itself and this mechanism is no longer needed for confidentiality.

Author: I am not sure why you are saying that the PSK is not used for authentication. There is the assumption that there is some PSK key distribution being used here so that each party gets a unique PSK. How is this not another layer of authentication?

Reviewer: Yes, PSK-based authentication happens as a side effect of key exchange. How about ?

{{I-D.ietf-tls-8773bis}} allows certificate-based authentication to be combined with a strong external PSK. The external PSK contributes to the TLS key schedule, providing confidentiality protection against HNDL attacks by a CRQC, provided that the PSK is generated and distributed securely. As described in {{?RFC8446}}, PSK-based authentication occurs as a side effect of the key exchange through proof of possession of the PSK. Consequently, even if a CRQC were able to recover the private key used for certificate-based authentication, it could not successfully complete the handshake without also possessing the external PSK. However, the external PSK does not make the certificate infrastructure itself quantum-resistant, since the certificates and their signatures continue to rely on traditional public-key algorithms.

Author: That's a good description.
